Hi.
How are you?
I'm good.
I am a huge fan of the show.
Well, thank you so much.
I'm a huge fan of you.
Thank you.
Well, we kind of
know each other.
This is-- I can't believe this
is your first time on the show.
That doesn't seem right, right?
I know.
How come?
I don't know, but it's good
to be here for the first time.
Yeah.
Well, we're happy to have you.
So we've met many, many times.
You've been to my house twice.
You came to my house
to look at it to buy,
and then you were trying to
get LeBron James to buy it.
How come he didn't buy it?
Well, I couldn't afford it.
He could.
I see.
So--
You know, that was the
time that he was almost
coming to the Clippers.
Right.
And then it took kind of a right
turn to South Beach, Miami.
Yeah.
OK.
So, they are happy about that.
So then you came
up for lunch, and I
understand that you
didn't have a good time.
Well, I had a great time.
So Ellen has a great house,
impeccable taste, the artwork,
to die for.
The problem came when
she served my lunch.
She thought I was like
a model or something.
Obviously I'm not, because I'm
a big, growing athlete, right?
6'3", 230 pounds.
And the meal was this small.
And I said, "I hope
there's others coming."
And nothing came,
so on the way home
I just stopped at an In-N-Out
Burger and got a good meal.
I'm so sorry, but
then I made up for it.
There's a ton of stuff in
the dressing room, right?
Yeah, and it's all Dominican
food, so I love it.
Yeah.
I'm glad.
And then I have some
shots of vodka in case--
this is your first time.
I didn't know if you'd be
nervous, so I just thought
if you want to do a shot--
Well, since I didn't make your
party a couple weeks ago--
Yeah, what happened?
Why weren't you at the party?
Yeah, I wasn't invited.
That is not--
Jennifer-- Jennifer was
one of the first ones there
and one of the
last ones to leave.
Danced the entire time.
She got everyone out
on the dance floor.
And how was she?
Did she behave?
She was amazing.
Yeah.
She and Melissa McCarthy
had a dance-off, which was--
I think Melissa scared her.
But it was so fun.
Where were you?
I was actually in Miami
with my daughters.
Oh.
Well, you missed a good one.
I heard.
I was disappointed.
So do you need to do a shot
because you missed the party?
Is that what you're saying?
First of all, I love this show.
This is my first
time, but I feel
like I've been here
many times, so cheers.
To feeling like you've
been many times.
Whoo.
All right.
So I have to show you--
this is your first time,
so what we like to do
is we like to remind people
of someone's body of work
because, you know, so let's
show a few pictures of--
So there's that.
And there's that.
You know, just your body
of work, just you know,
just because people
need to see that.
So you work out
every single day?
Well.
You're infatuated with yourself.
You can't stop
looking at yourself.
I just couldn't believe
what I was seeing.
That's how we feel.
Not every day, but I definitely
try to break a sweat every day,
and I love it.
In what way?
In every way.
So, wait.
I have to ask you,
because when Jen was here,
when you all first
got together, I
asked her her side of the
story of how you all met.
So she told me her side of
the story of how you met.
So I want to hear your
side of how you met.
Yeah.
So I describe it as the
luckiest day of my life.
But I was having a lunch with
two women from my office,
and we then jumped into a room
and had a conference call.
It was very complicated.
Anyways, long story
short, I'm walking outside
and I forget where
I park my car.
I have no idea, and for 10 or
12 minutes I'm sitting there.
And I'm kind of
getting upset now
because I'm like how can I--
Well, anyway, someone
taps me on the shoulder,
and I turn around.
And I do not
recognize this person.
And it's Jennifer, She's
dressed up as Harlee
from Shades of Blue, and she's
in her jeans and her big boots.
And it took me about
four or five seconds,
and she said, "It's Jennifer.
It's Jennifer."
I go, "Oh my god, Jennifer.
You look beautiful."
I was so embarrassed, and
then I got a little nervous,
and I'm like this is so goofy.
We all know who Jennifer is.
She's everywhere.
And then we basically had a
small chit-chat, and she said--
I said, "I'm here.
I'm in LA.
I'm doing some work
for Fox, and I'm here,
and what are you doing?"
And she says, "Well,
you have my number.
Reach out."
And I went home that
night and I reached out.
Well, totally different story.
First of all, how did you
have her number already?
That was because we were looking
at someone in the fitness
space, and I wanted
to get a referral.
I see.
And it was just very basic.
Right.
OK.
So that's a totally
different story.
She says you went up to her, and
you approached her at the table
and started talking.
Oh my god, no.
I'm pretty sure.
No, no, no, no.
Maybe I'm remembering it
wrong, but isn't that what--
that's what she said.
She said you approached her.
You know what's funny?
Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas,
her partner,
was the one that saw me first,
which I can't believe it,
because she knows
nothing about baseball.
And then Jennifer saw it,
and, you know, minutes later,
we saw her outside.
All right, well,
one of you is lying.